Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
--Ans :A programming language is a computer language that programmers use to develop software programs, scripts,
 or other sets of instructions for computers to execute.

What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
--The bin directory of the JDK provides a variety of features and tools that aid in the software development process.
 Some of the more popular JDK utilities include:
 javac: This utility is used to compile Java source code into Java bytecode.
 rmic: This utility creates skeletons and stubs for use in Remote Method Invocation (RMI).
 jar: This compression utility aggregates a multitude of files into a single Java ARchive (JAR) file. The jar utility uses a standard compression algorithm used by all of the most common zip utilities.
 javadoc: This utility can examine the names of classes and the methods contained within a class, as well as consume special annotations in order to create application programming interface (API) documentation for Java code.
 wsgen: This generates various artifacts required by Java API for XML Web Services (JAX-WS).
 javap: This utility disassembles class files, generating information about the methods, properties and attributes of a given compiled component.
What is IDE?
_-An alternatives to JDK are Integrated Development Environments (IDE), which are java development tools that help
 develop Java programs quickly. IDEs are convenient because they have the editing, compiling, building and debugging to be
 packaged into one Graphical User Interface(GUI).


What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
--NetBeans , Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA
Explain the entire java life cycle.
--There are 3 main stages in the lifecycle of java programing- Editing the program, Compiling the source code, Executing the byte code.
at 1st we start writing code in text editor or as we use java supported IDE's from there java compiler compile the file and execute by java virtual
Machine(JVM) as byte code and out put as machine code 0's and 1's which will be executed by the CPU of the local machine.
what is class?
--A class is a named collection of fields that hold data values and methods that operate on those values. Class is basically blueprint of objects model.
Classes are the most fundamental structural element of all java programming, we can not write java programming without defining a class.

What is object?
--I real world any object have normally in two characteristic such as it's "State and Behavior". Software objects are conceptually similar to real world
objects.As an example of a method in a class operate on an object's internal state and serve as the primary mechanism for object to object communication.

What is the entry point of an application?
--My understanding an entry point of an application would be an accessible information from data frame, in that case here in java the main methode in a class will be
entry point of an application.
Why main is static?
-- Main method always will be static so it's can call by without crating any objects. without static main methode java program will compile but will throw run
time error.
Which class is the superclass of all classes?
--The class that initialized Object is the superclass of all class.
What is difference between path and classpath variables?
--Path is an environment variable which used by OS in our local machine and class path is an environment variable which used by java
compiler to find the path.
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
--An Interface Class only we can define functionality and it's can't have any body, Interface can't Implement but we can extend it. An Abstract class
will have some more information, we can have methode but we have use abstract for that, Abstract class also allows to create functionality
that other class can Implement and override. abstract class can only extend one class but it can take advantage of multiple Interfaces.
Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
--No we can not make object from Interface and Abstract class but we can extend the Interface and we can Implement Abstract class.
what is Access Specifier?
-- Keywords in below are access specifier for controlling access to a class, variable, methods. Such as
     public --> everywhere
     private --> same class
     default --> same package & different package's subclass
     protected --> same package
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
--OOP- Object oriented programming is a software development methodology in which a program is conceptualized as a group of objects
that work together, Objects are created from templates call classes, and they contain data and the code required to use that data. OOp concept in java
are the main idea behind creating java's object oriented programming. there are few concepts of OOP's. Abstraction, Inheritance, Encapsulation,
Polymorphism.
Encapsulation (Information Hiding) : Objects provide the benefit of information hiding.
Object Oriented programming allows you to encapsulate data that you do not  want users of the object to access.
Typically, attributes of a class are encapsulated.

Abstraction : Abstraction allows us to focus on only those parts of an object that concern us.
All the details that are unnecessary to users are encapsulated, leaving only a simple interface to interact with.
overriding users with only what they need to know is known as abstraction.
Abstraction lets us ignore the irrelevant details and concentrate on the essentials.

Inheritance : Inheritance is the process by which objects of one class acquire the  properties of objects of another class.
Inheritance supports the concept of  hierarchical classification. In OOP, the concept of inheritance provides the idea of
reuseability. This means that we can add additional features to an existing class  without modifying it. This is possible by deriving a new class from the existing one.  The new class will have the combined features of both the classes.

Polymorphism : Polymorphism is having one Interface but with the ability to have multiple implementations.
It is the ability of an object to take on many forms. The most common use of polymorphism in OOP occurs when a
parent class reference is used to refer to a child class object.

What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
--A package is namespace for organizing classes an interfaces in logical manner, Placing code in packages makes a large software project easier to manage.

What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
--Application Programming Interface(API) 'It's a computing interfaces which define interactions between multiple software intermediary.

Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
--In java multiple inheritance is not allowed. Such as a child class can inherit from parent class but it's can not have multiple parents class. In such a
case it's will create ambiguity.
What is method overloading and when it happens?
--Method OverLoading is feature that allows a class to have more then one methode having the same name,
  if there argument lists are different.
  so, feature of method over loading is same method name, Different parameters,in the same class.
  also known as static polymorphism or compile time polymorphism.

Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
--During the execution of java program or an exceptional event problem could occur, and normal flow of the program is
disrupted. in the event like that exception need to be handle. We can handle the exception with throwing try/catch, this is
the simplest method of handling exception. But again we need to understand better which exception will work better for our current
program.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
--Static Keyword use in n Java mainly used for memory management. It can be used with variables, methods, blocks
---Basically, static is used for a constant variable or a method that is same for every instance of a class.
  and nested classes.
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
--The final keyword in java is used to restrict the user. The java final keyword can be used in many context.
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
--A constructor in Java is a special method that is used to initialize objects. The constructor is called when an object of a
class is created.
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
--Yes, but have to be differently parametrized.
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
--Default constructor.
What is "this" keyword in java ?
--The this keyword refers to the current object in a method or constructor. The most common use of the this keyword is to eliminate
  the confusion between class attributes and parameters with the same name
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
--The super keyword refers to superclass (parent) objects. It is used to call superclass methods, and to access the superclass constructor.
   The most common use of the super keyword is to eliminate the confusion between superclasses and subclasses that have methods with the same name.
What is JVM stand for ?
--Java virtual machine.
Is JVM platform independent?
---JVM is platform-dependent. Different JVM is designed for different OS and byte code is able to run on different OS.
What version of java are you using?
--java 11.0.8 2020-07-14 LTS
What is JAR stand for ?
--Java ARchive.
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
--JDK is a software development kit whereas JRE is a software bundle that allows Java program to run, whereas JVM is an environment for executing bytecode.
 The full form of JDK is Java Development Kit, while the full form of JRE is Java Runtime Environment, while the full form of JVM is Java Virtual Machine.
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
--JVM The Java Virtual machine (JVM) is the virtual machine that run the Java bytecodes. Java Runtime Environment (JRE) The Java Runtime Environment (JRE)
   provides the libraries,
What is compile time and run time?
--Compile time is when the program is compiled; runtime is when it executes (on either a physical or virtual computer).
What is heap?
--A Heap is a special Tree-based data structure in which the tree is a complete binary tree.
How java manage it's memory?
--In Java, memory management is the process of allocation and de-allocation of objects, called Memory management. Java does memory management automatically.
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
---StringBuilder is same as the StringBuffer , that is it stores the object in heap and it can also be modified . The main difference between the StringBuffer
   and StringBuilder is that StringBuilder is also not thread safe. StringBuilder is fast as it is not thread safe .
What is Singleton class?

Ans:In object-oriented programming, a singleton class is a class that can have only one object (an instance of the class) at a time. ...
    To design a singleton class: Make constructor as private. Write a static method that has return type object of this singleton class.
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
Ans: Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream. Deserialization is the
     reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java object in memory. This mechanism is
     used to persist the object.

when to use transient variable in java?
Ans:The transient keyword in Java is used to avoid serialization. If any object of a data structure is defined as a transient,
    then it will not be serialized. Serialization is the ​process of converting an object into a byte stream.
Difference between while and do..while loop?
Ans: In while loop, condition is evaluated first and then the statements inside loop body gets executed, on the other hand in do-while loop,
     statements inside do-while gets executed first and then the condition is evaluated.
What is Enum?
Ans: An enum type is a special data type that enables for a variable to be a set of predefined constants.
     The variable must be equal to one of the values that have been predefined for it.
What is Iterator?
An: The Iterator interface provides a standard means of progressing through a a list of elements in a defined sequence which is a common
     task for any data structure. An iterator is an object that enables a programmer to traverse a container, particularly lists.
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Ans: int is the shorter term of Integer in java, which take 32 bits memory.
Why is String Immutable in Java?
Ans : The string is Immutable in Java because String objects are cached in the String pool.
     Java String Pool is the special memory region where Strings are stored by the JVM.
What is constructor chaining in Java?
Ans : Constructor chaining is the process of calling one constructor from another constructor with respect to current object.
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
Ans: The primary difference between the serial and parallel collectors is that the parallel collector has multiple threads that are
    used to speed up garbage collection. The parallel collector is intended for applications with medium-sized to large-sized data
    sets that are run on multiprocessor or multi-threaded hardware.
What is JIT stands for?
Ans: The Just-In-Time (JIT) compiler is a component of the runtime environment that improves the performance of Java™ applications by compiling
    bytecodes to native machine code at run time
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Ans: Java objects reside in an area called the heap. The heap is created when the JVM starts up and may increase or
   decrease in size while the application runs. When the heap becomes full, garbage is collected. During the garbage
   collection objects that are no longer used are cleared, thus making space for new objects
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
Ans: It can choose to reject the request and so it is not guaranteed that these calls will do the garbage collection. This decision is taken by
     the JVM based on the eden space availability in heap memory.
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
Ans: JVM has divided memory space between two parts one is Stack and another one is Heap space. Stack space is mainly used for storing order
     of method execution and local variables. Stack always stored blocks in LIFO order whereas heap memory used dynamic allocation for allocating
     and deallocating memory blocks
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
Ans: Reflection, as the name suggests, is a capability in Java to allow you to look into (reflect upon) classes at runtime rather than at compile time.
     It allows you to examine a class to see what methods, members, interfaces and so on that it contains or implements.
what is multithreading in java?
Ans:Multithreading is a Java feature that allows concurrent execution of two or more parts of a program for maximum utilization of CPU. Each part of
    such program is called a thread. So, threads are light-weight processes within a process. Threads can be created by using two mechanisms
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
Ans : Synchronized keyword in Java is used to provide mutually exclusive access to a shared resource with multiple threads in Java. Synchronization
     in Java guarantees that no two threads can execute a synchronized method which requires the same lock simultaneously or concurrently.
What is Framework?
Ans: Java Framework is the body or platform of pre-written codes used by Java developers to develop Java applications or web applications.
     In other words, Java Framework is a collection of predefined classes and functions that is used to process input, manage hardware devices interacts
      with system software. It acts like a skeleton that helps the developer to develop an application by writing their own code.

What are the testing Framework available in java?
Ans : JBehave, JUnit, Serenity, TestNG, Spock etc..

Difference between jUnit and testNG?
Ans: TestNG supports parallel testing, while JUnit does not have such a feature.
     The process of parameterized test configuration in TestNG is easier than in JUnit.
     JUnit does not support group test, while in TestNG, the specialists are able to administrate certain tests to a large group of people
     at the same time.

what is dependency injection in java?
Ans:Dependency injection (DI) is the concept in which objects get other required objects from outside.
    DI can be implemented in any programming language. The general concept behind dependency injection is called
    Inversion of Control.A Java class has a dependency on another class, if it uses an instance of
    this class.
What is static binding and dynamic binding?
Ans: Association of method call to the method body is known as binding.Static Binding that happens at compile time and Dynamic Binding that
   happens at runtime.